( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
[If you don't turn yourself in, your limbs will rot and you'll die]
[All characters and events are fictional, and any resemblance is coincidental]
[Scenes with children and animals were filmed safely under professional supervision]
Back then, the serial killer had been caught,
and the world couldn't have been more peaceful.
But
I felt an emptiness inside.
I wondered if it was because I had lost Ki Beom.
Then I saw that girl.
Oh, Ms. Kang!
Hye Jin!
Are you on your way home?
Yes! Ms. Kang.
Can I visit your house this Sunday?
Then shall we eat ice cream together that day?
Whoa!
Seeing that girl smile brightly,
I found myself smiling too without even realizing it.
I remember that day clearly.
It was a day when warm sunlight
wrapped around my whole body.
I was no longer a scarecrow, Tae Joo.
[Episode 9] Such outstanding sons you have!
You've done an excellent job
- raising them. - The Minister is here.
You're too kind, thank you.
If you join the cabinet,
you can pass your position on to one of these two, right?
Well, if only that could happen.
But I don't see your wife, Superintendent Cha?
Oh, she had an urgent surgery scheduled, so she couldn't make it today.
Oh dear, is she ill?
She's a surgeon at Korea University Hospital.
I hear her surgical skills are quite good.
Oh my, that's the hospital my father sponsors.
I didn't know she works there!
If my family ever needs surgery, we should go to her.
That sounds good.
But hopefully, no one will need surgery.
To succeed in politics, spousal support is important too.
You two,
I'd like to give you both a wedding gift.
Tell me if you need anything.
Thank you, your words are more than enough.
Since we're moving into his family house, we don't really need anything.
Anyway, congratulations on your marriage.
- Thank you! - Cheers!
Could I have a glass of water?
What was that earlier?
You're setting up your newlywed home in the family house?
It's empty anyway, isn't it?
You're also returning to Seoul soon.
You punk.
That's my mother's house. It's the house she brought when she got married.
Father already agreed.
That place can't be that comfortable for you, either.
That's not true.
I also have a lot of memories there.
Sorry, I ended up choosing the newlywed home on my own.
But you did promise me
that I could change the furniture and interior at will, right?
Of course.
If there's anything you want to keep as it is at home, just tell me in advance.
There's nothing like that.
But you said you had a lot of memories there.
Does that really matter?
What matters is the memories we're going to build together, Hee Jin.
What?
Anyway, Si Young, you're such a romantic.
Please, just take a look at this.
Please take a closer look.
We're looking for a girl.
Please, just look at this.
Please, just take a look.
Please just look at this.
We're looking for a girl.
Please take a close look.
- We're looking for a girl. - Please look closely.
Si Young?
Yeah?
Aren't you going?
Oh, yeah.
Please just take a look.
- Hello, please just take a look at this. - We're looking for a girl.
Thank you!
Please take a close look.
[Missing child, Yoon Hye Jin, 8 years old]
Give it to me. I'll just iron it out.
No, I should do it.
You should be taking care of Woo Jin.
I don't even have anything to do if I go home.
But Ms. Kang, you're not in good condition.
I'm fine now.
By the way, I don't see Hye Jin's father today.
He went to the police station.
He said he'd try pleading or even threatening them.
What good will that do?
We asked them to investigate, but they won't even listen.
It's not like we have any connections in the police.
[Missing child, Yoon Hye Jin, 8 years old]
Alright, here comes our chief!
Alright, enough.
Congratulations on your special promotion!
Come on.
Why are you doing this? It's embarrassing.
We may be the three who received the Certificate of Commendation,
but it's basically for the whole department.
So, I'll treat you guys to jokbal.
Congratulations!
Your Honor.
Although not consulted in advance, we would like to request a new witness.
[Prosecutor's Seat] What is the reason?
We received the tip just before the trial, so we couldn't consult earlier.
But, their testimony is crucial for this trial.
Does the prosecution agree?
Yes, we agree.
Very well, the witness is accepted.
Defense counsel, call the witness.
Yes, Your Honor.
We call Dr. Bang Kyung Moon as a witness.
- Hello, sir. - How much did you drink yesterday, you punk?
I told you to stop drinking so much.
You're all late for work?
Detective Kang, what brings you here?
What? You think I came all the way here just to see you?
Sit down.
Sit down, my foot.
Who do you think you are, you sergeant punk?
What is this?
If you don't want to sit, shall we talk inside?
About what?
The serial murder case isn't over yet.
Gosh, you guys reek of booze.
I'm Bang Kyung Moon, the director of Bang Kyung Moon Clinic.
You conducted the autopsies on the victims of the Kangseng serial murder case, correct?
Yes, I conducted all seven of them.
Then you would be most familiar with the killer's method
in the Kangseng serial murder case, correct?
You could say that, yes.
Now, could you tell us what you experienced yesterday?
I performed an autopsy on a body yesterday.
What, is there no doctor in Muwon?
Why bring the body all the way here?
Doctor,
it's him.
The Kangseng serial killer!
What are you talking about now?
That guy has already been caught.
You're the only one who can confirm
whether it's the same man, Doctor.
Surprisingly, the killing method was the same as the Kangseng serial killer's.
Could you state your opinion on that?
In my professional opinion, it appears to be the work of the same perpetrator.
This is the autopsy confirmation report prepared by Dr. Bang Kyung Moon.
I would like to submit it as evidence.
That is all.
Prosecution, you may now question the witness.
The method in the Kangseng serial murder case
has already been widely reported, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Couldn't this reasonably be considered the work of a copycat?
For the obvious parts, yes.
I'm referring to details that were never released to the media.
Please be more specific.
What features make you conclude that this is the work of the same perpetrator?
The sixth victim, Kim Min Ji, had multiple stab wounds inflicted with a knife.
There were also signs of genital torture.
The same exact signs were also present in the Muwon murder case.
This is not something someone could copy just by hearing about it.
Not unless you see it for yourself.
There is no doubt it is the same perpetrator.
What nonsense is that?
Oh my. Nonsense?
It means Seok Man isn't the murderer!
Right, right?
Wait, what's going on?
That means someone else is the killer!
They've got the wrong man again!
[Defense Counsel, Defendant's Seat] Seok Man is off the hook!
- Seok Man! - Seok Man, you're off the hook!
- Seok Man! - Seok Man is in the clear!
- Seok Man is off the hook! - It's all right. It's over.
Oh my...
- Doctor! - Doctor!
It is Tae Joo, right?
He called you as a witness, right?
Where is that punk right now?
Go to Kangseng Police Station.
The photo turned out well!
Who took this?
Did you take it, you little punk?
Hey, you could be a photographer.
[Method identical to Kangseng serial murders] You take better photos than this punk.
Are you seriously concluding it's the same perpetrator from just this?
If stockings are a murder weapon, then anyone could be a serial killer, huh?
Now that the culprit is caught, copycats are popping up.
It has nothing to do with us.
[Security Interview Room] It's not your decision to make anyway, is it?
You're just a lapdog that follows orders.
Don't you think so, Dae Ho?
What did you say, you punk?
I'm here to talk to your boss, okay?
You punk!
- What? - Why are you causing a scene here?
- Let go! Have you lost your mind? - You punk!
Knock it off, you punk!
Are you insane?
Sir.
Everyone, give us the room, okay?
I just want to catch up with my friend for a while.
You're a bit late, huh?
I missed you,
my friend.
I felt disappointed you left without saying goodbye.
If something like this was going on, you should've given me a heads-up.
That hurts my feelings.
Come on, you even got rewarded for catching a serial killer.
How could I tell you in advance when I knew you might try something behind my back?
Jeez, Tae Joo.
You were upset you didn't get the reward yourself, huh?
So you did this just to screw me over?
Come on.
That's something you would do, not me.
Amend the indictment.
At the very least, Im Seok Man is not the serial killer.
Unless he is a copycat.
Fine, let's say you're right.
Let's just say the serial killer hasn't been caught yet.
But why would someone who killed seven people only in Kangseng suddenly show up in Muwon?
Even if he kills again, it would be in Kangseng. Don't you think?
You got that right.
The Muwon case was just a coincidence, and the next killing will be in Kangseng.
Because Kangseng is the place he knows like the back of his hand.
Don't be ridiculous.
My friend,
you'll see soon enough.
[Kangseng Police Station]
Seo Ji Won!
Don't act like you're happy to see me. I'm really upset right now.
What now?
Let's get out of here first. You drive.
But why...
[Security Interview Room]
How did it go, sir?
Find evidence before the next trial.
What evidence?
Evidence that the Kangseng and Muwon cases are unrelated!
Yes, understood, sir!
Jeez.
Are you actually looking for my girl?
Of course, if you could just wait a little longer...
How long are we supposed to wait?
It's been a whole month already!
My wife and I are falling apart day by day.
A detective will visit your home soon.
Really?
Tell him everything that's happened so far, okay?
Okay.
What did you say?
Mr. Park.
[Three hours earlier]
- Oh, Mr. Kang? - Yeah.
What brings you here?
Where did everyone go?
Yesterday's after-party went late, so I'm not sure when they'll show up.
They're really slacking off, huh?
Doesn't matter. At least one of them will show up eventually.
Anyway, anything unusual happened in Kangseng?
What do you mean?
Murder, missing person, rape.
Why do you ask?
Don't tell me...
Officer Lee, you really are quick-witted.
That's right.
The serial murders aren't over yet.
Did you notice anything suspicious?
It's not a murder or rape case, but...
A missing person?
- Yes. - A woman?
But she's just a child. Only eight years old.
Eight years old?
Why would you say that?
If this goes wrong, Detective Kang will be the only one in trouble.
But no one here is even trying to find Hye Jin!
Don't say a word about this to anyone else.
Do you understand me?
- Yes. - Darn it.
Just tell me about the Muwon case.
She was found naked in an irrigation ditch.
What? That's exactly like the second case.
The moment I saw it, I knew.
That punk's still out there.
Then what about Im Seok Man?
He may not be the serial killer, but he's the killer in the Lee Joo Hee case.
That case was the only odd one.
All the other crimes happened outdoors, but only that one happened indoors.
That case was only linked to the serial murders because of Ki Beom.
Because
Ki Beom got arrested in front of that house.
So you're saying the seventh murder was a copycat crime committed by Im Seok Man?
Get over it.
Alright, step on this and get over quick!
Well,
during the reenactment,
Im Seok Man couldn't climb over the wall.
Don't you find that strange?
Well, maybe it was because he got roughed up in custody or something.
That's what they do best, after all.
Anyway, the seventh crime was definitely Im Seok Man's doing.
What makes you so certain?
The radioactive isotope results, for one. And he...
He couldn't explain his whereabouts on the day of the crime.
Why do you think that is?
Huh?
His whereabouts that night...
Let's not talk about this anymore.
What about you?
Nothing happened with you?
Well, there's always something happening. Otherwise, I'd have nothing to write about.
You're right.
That makes sense.
Sun Young is doing okay, right?
Are you seriously asking someone else about your own sister?
Why don't you go see her yourself?
What good would it do?
It'd just make her feel bad.
Where have you been wandering off to?
I told you to come home early.
[Italian Bakery]
[Hye Jin's home, elementary school] This is where the girl was last seen.
[Missing Report: went missing after school] She disappeared on her way home after school.
But the witness is...
[Witness: Kang Sun Young] The last witness is...
Kang Sun Young?
- Yes, she was Hye Jin's homeroom teacher. - Whoa!
Did the family ever get any threatening calls?
At first, the family thought it was kidnapping,
but there were no ransom calls.
They also considered human trafficking, but there's no evidence.
Were there any other human trafficking cases in the area?
None, sir.
How far has the investigation progressed?
We didn't
conduct an investigation.
It was classified as a simple runaway case.
That's complete nonsense!
Since when does an eight-year-old run away?
You think she might be a serial murder victim, don't you?
[Hye Jin's home] Her home is just down this mountain.
[Missing location]
So she just vanished here.
[7th, Lee Joo Hee, 6th, Kim Min Ji]
[3rd, Choi In Sook, 2nd, Hwang Kang Ae 1st, Choi Min Ja, 4th, Im Bok Hee]
Darn it.
[Missing child, Yoon Hye Jin, 8 years old]
Your boss and his wife said you gave a false confession.
Is that true?
Yes.
Why did you confess to something you didn't do?
After being taken in,
I couldn't sleep for days.
They wouldn't let me sleep until I gave a confession.
I think I was half-conscious
and answered without realizing it.
Then you should've said that during the trial.
They said if I took back my confession,
my sentence would get even heavier for making them angry.
But...
Death penalty?
During the reenactment,
you couldn't climb the wall.
Did the police beat you or something?
Or did you injure your leg?
Ji Won.
I've never climbed over a wall in my life.
Even you
find it hard to believe me, right?
Then why did you go there that night?
It was past eleven at night.
I don't know.
I can't remember.
It's not that he doesn't remember. He's hiding something.
- Miss! - Yes?
After you contacted me, I checked through all the work logs and account books.
Here, take a look at this.
September 21st.
[September 21st, Toys, Seok Man IOU] That's the day before the Lee Joo Hee's case.
- What about it? - Seok Man
suddenly got a call from his sister that day.
She said she was coming to Kangseng the next day with her kid.
So Seok Man and I rushed out to buy a gift for his nephew.
Then he must've met them on the day of the incident?
That's right! Then he came back late that night.
Wait a second.
Well...
Do you have Seok Man's sister's number?
Oh, well... her number has changed.
- Pardon? - Well, actually,
I tried calling because of Seok Man's situation.
But at some point, the number was disconnected.
Dae Ho.
Sir, stop this.
This is a Kangseng Station case.
If the chief finds out,
you could get disciplined again.
Who cares about discipline?
Is that more important than finding a child?
If you're not going to help, then get lost.
What's gotten into you?
The girl you're looking for
is probably already dead.
What?
You think this is connected to the serial murders,
don't you?
- That's right. - What are you talking about?
- Sun Young. - Answer me. What do you mean?
Ms. Kang, do you know him?
This is my brother.
You're saying the serial killer still hasn't been caught?
So,
my child might be in that monster's hands...
Nothing is certain.
I'm only talking about a possibility.
Then why say something uncertain and torment us like this?
I'm sorry.
Then why did you come here?
Did Hye Jin ever mention running into someone on that mountain?
A man, for example.
No.
Sun Young, when you last saw Hye Jin, did you meet anyone else?
I didn't see anyone.
Is my girl on that mountain?
Like I said, nothing is certain yet.
Then please leave.
We only heard you out because you're Ms. Kang's brother.
You're just the same as other police officers.
We'll find
our child ourselves!
Sir, let's leave now.
Sorry for troubling you.
Please find her!
Honey!
If our Hye Jin is really there,
whether it's true or not, we have to check!
We're her parents. We deserve to know if she's alive or dead.
Don't we?
Please,
find my girl.
Yes.
I'll find her.
[Missing child, Yoon Hye Jin, 8 years old]
If something happened to Hye Jin, it happened somewhere on this mountain.
There aren't many people around,
and it's a good place to dump a body.
But the killer never targeted children that young before.
What about the possibility that she was kidnapped by traffickers?
Those guys move around in vans.
They wouldn't come up a narrow mountain path like this.
And if it were traffickers, Hye Jin wouldn't be the only missing child.
How are we supposed to find a child in a place this big?
Hye Jin.
We are looking for a missing child.
Please take a look at this.
- Please help us find her. - We're looking for a missing child.
Please look carefully at this.
Please take a look. Please look carefully.
- We're looking for a child. - Please help us find our daughter!
Honey, honey, hurry!
Woo Jin, stay right here and don't move, okay?
Why are you like this? Get up!
Honey...
Our Hye Jin couldn't really be on that mountain, could she?
What if she's out there getting drenched in this rain?
What if Hye Jin is freezing?
[Missing child, Yoon Hye Jin, 8 years old]
[Accurate Reporting, Fast Production]
Where have you been?
Why? Did something happen?
The publisher's daughter is looking for you.
Not the publisher, but his daughter?
My dad's going to give all the big businesses like the construction company
to my brother anyway.
So I'm planning to ask for this little newspaper company.
They say media owners are treated differently wherever they go.
"Little" newspaper company...
So why did you want to see me?
I heard you are the ace here, so I have a favor to ask, Ms. Seo Ji Won.
Please investigate the people inside this case.
One man and one woman,
what their relationship is,
family, background, everything.
I don't do background checks on other people.
I'm not that clueless.
This isn't a free favor.
I included a generous fee.
Well,
since you call it a favor,
I'll politely decline.
Oh, and I have a favor to ask you too.
If possible, ask your father for something other than a newspaper company.
Something solid, like a department store.
Good luck!
Jun Young, why are you still here?
Weren't you supposed to be back in Seoul?
The case hasn't been closed yet.
Thanks to that, my term is still ongoing.
Finish what you were saying.
Okay.
An 8-year-old girl went missing a month ago.
[Missing Person Report: Yoon Hye Jin] I suspect she might be
the victim of the serial killer.
Where's the body?
This is the mountain where Hye Jin was last seen.
[Missing location] This appears to be the crime scene.
What?
Are you saying we should search the whole mountain?
Yes.
Do you really think her body is on this mountain?
Honestly, I can't be certain this time.
Why?
There are too many variables in this case.
The killer has never targeted such a young age group before.
And because she's a child, it's hard to completely rule out kidnapping or abduction.
Then what are the odds?
Less than fifty percent.
That level of certainty isn't enough to warrant a search operation.
Even if it's a mountain behind a village, searching the whole area isn't easy.
Shut up, you punk!
Yeah, it's me.
How many people can we deploy for a search operation tomorrow?
Jun Young!
Send as many as possible.
What are you doing?
I'm cleaning up the mess you made.
I'll take my leave now. Thank you for your time, sir.
Hello?
Is this Mr. Choi Young Man's residence?
Is there an Im Ji Hye there?
I'm Seo Ji Won, a reporter from Kangseng Daily.
- Im Seok Man... - You've got the wrong number.
How am I supposed to finish all this?
But if he met his sister and nephew,
why hide it from the police?
They said the search operation will be tomorrow.
He ended up starting something he can't even take responsibility for.
Let's just focus on tomorrow's trial.
Anyway, nothing will come out.
- Yes, sir. - Nothing found at Muwon Station?
The Muwon case has similarities to ours in many ways.
Like the naked body found in the irrigation ditch, for one.
And the strangulation with stockings, for another.
If it weren't for Kang Tae Joo, we could treat this as a separate case.
Exactly.
Why Muwon, where he was?
Why there, of all places?
Kangseng.
Muwon.
Kangseng, Muwon.
Young man, you got a call.
Okay, thank you, ma'am.
Hello?
I need to talk to you.
Meet me in front of the inn in 30 minutes.
What is it about?
It won't take long, so just come out.
[Muil Inn]
Oh, hey. How did you know I was coming?
Are we telepathic or something?
How did you know I stay here?
Why are you here instead of home? Were you kicked out?
They're starting the search operation tomorrow, right?
Despite everything.
They don't need you for the search operation, right?
Just spit it out.
I need you to come to court tomorrow, as a witness.
Are you trying to pull something else while keeping me tied up in this trial?
Well, whether you come or not is your choice.
If you don't come, it'll be very unfavorable for Im Seok Man.
You expect me to believe that?
I told you. It's your choice.
You've never seen me in court, have you?
I'm good at it. I'll show you.
See you tomorrow if you can make it, Tae Joo.
- Hey! - Yeah?
You're not actually going to do what that guy said, are you?
He's not the type to bluff with nothing.
When did you get here, by the way?
Around the same time as him.
Prosecutor Cha is definitely up to something.
So what? Even if he is, it won't amount to much.
Why? What's your business?
Oh, I was wondering if you could help me find someone.
Someone? Who?
Seok Man's older sister.
There's something I need to confirm, but her number has changed.
Why are you so desperate to find someone who even changed her number and cut contact?
That's abuse of authority.
I know. I know, but...
Jeez, this is frustrating.
Why do you care so much about that guy?
Exactly,
why does something keep bothering me?
Mom, I'm home! Give it to me.
[Dae Ho Chinese Restaurant] Why are you so late? He's been waiting.
Sir, what brings you to my place?
To eat.
And I have things to discuss with you. Sit.
You should lead tomorrow's search operation.
What?
Then what will you do, sir?
I'll probably have to attend the trial.
You can handle it, right?
I refuse, sir.
Find someone else, just not me.
Hey!
Why not?
Honestly,
I hope nothing is found there.
How can I lead a search
when I feel that way?
I feel the same.
I hope nothing is found, either.
Who would want an eight-year-old child to have suffered something like this?
I'd rather be wrong about this.
Let's look at it this way.
This search operation isn't about finding something.
But it's about confirming that nothing happened on that mountain, okay?
Let's go.
Alright, everyone, check your assigned search area on the map carefully.
We'll check the areas where people don't usually go.
Check under vines and places covered with fallen leaves,
and make sure to look underneath everything.
Keep an eye out for backpacks, clothes, or jump ropes.
If you find anything that looks like the child's belongings,
report it immediately!
- Move out! - Yes, sir!
[Witness Stand]
You originally worked at Kangseng Police Station, correct?
And you were recently transferred to Muwon.
[Defense Counsel, Defendant's Seat] So you noticed similarities
between the Muwon Murder Case
and the Kangseng Serial Murder Case?
Yes.
But if the Muwon Murder Case is the work of a serial killer,
why would he commit it in Muwon instead of Kangseng?
I'm not sure.
Is it possible the killer moved?
It's not impossible.
You know Dr. Bang Kyung Moon, right?
Yes, I've met him several times on murder case autopsies.
Dr. Bang Kyung Moon
said this in court last time regarding the Muwon Murder Case.
"Without seeing the sixth victim's body directly,
a copycat murder is impossible."
Do you agree?
Yes, I agree.
Then anyone who has seen the body could potentially commit a copycat murder?
- That's... - Witness,
have you personally seen the body of the sixth victim Kim Min Ji?
Why aren't you answering?
So this is it.
Did you see it or not?
I have seen it.
Then is it possible that you,
now transferred to Muwon, could've committed a copycat murder?
This is insane.
Objection.
The prosecution is portraying the witness as a criminal based on speculation.
This is only an example to explain the possibility of a copycat crime.
Objection overruled. Prosecution, proceed.
Answer the question.
In this situation, is a copycat crime possible
or not?
Park Dae Ho!
Nothing came up, right?
Time is up.
Call the teams back and let's go drink.
No, just a little longer.
- Just a little more. - Huh?
What's wrong with him?
Hey, do your job properly!
Huh? Found it!
It's possible.
Your Honor, please record the witness' statement just now.
This fully explains the possibility
that the Muwon Murder Case
- could be a copycat crime... - However,
only I could have done it.
Pardon?
I've already investigated
men in their 20s and 30s who moved from Kangseng to Muwon.
None of them were police officers or witnesses.
So the only person who could possibly commit a copycat crime
would be me.
But unfortunately, I was on duty the day of the crime.
Well, that's a solid alibi.
Isn't it possible there is someone who hasn't yet moved their registered address to Muwon?
Yes, that's why
more time is needed for the investigation.
Until then, no conclusion should be made
about the Kangseng Murder Case.
It's only a matter of time before it's proven that
Im Seok Man is not the serial killer.
Because a serial killer
won't be able to stop himself.
The killings
are not over yet.
- Ms. Seo, there's a case. - Huh?
- It's another stocking murder. - What?
Quiet, everyone. Order in the court.
[Silence indoors]
How did you even conduct this investigation?
What if I had already sentenced Im Seok Man?
I will amend the indictment.
[Abide by the Law for Peace and Prosperity] Jeez...
Oh my, Seok Man!
Sir, ma'am!
What happens to me now?
Don't you get it?
You're finally getting your name cleared.
- Really? - Yeah.
Seok Man, just hang in there a little longer.
You'll be able to come home soon.
The kids keep saying they miss you.
Just hold on a little longer, Seok Man!
- Don't get sick. - Everything will be all right.
Oh my, Seok Man...
It's okay now.
- It'll be okay, right? - Ms. Seo, thank you.
Really, thank you so much.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- Take care on your way. - Yes.
Ki Hwan.
What brings you here?
Because I'm connected to the case as well.
Right.
How is Cheongju? Settling in okay?
It's good. My in-laws take good care of me, and it's comfortable.
How is your mother doing?
She's staying at a relative's house in Muwon.
- In Muwon? - Yeah.
Since it's her younger brother's place, she seems more at ease there.
I visit her at least once a week.
She seems to be getting better, thankfully.
Do you know Tae Joo was transferred to Muwon Station?
I found out in court earlier.
So that is how it happened.
I don't know why I keep getting involved with Tae Joo wherever I go.
Seeing Tae Joo
is honestly painful for me, Ji Won.
How did we end up like this?
Have you found our Hye Jin?
They said a body was found on the mountain behind the village.
Hye Jin
wasn't on the mountain.
Then
our Hye Jin...
She's safe, right?
Yes, she should be.
I'm very sorry for causing unnecessary worry.
No, it's fine.
Now that we've confirmed she's not there,
I feel relieved now.
Hye Jin is alive, right?
As long as she comes back someday,
if that happens,
I can wait.
As long as it takes.
Yes, of course. We'll wait.
It's okay now.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
[No entry, under investigation]
Is it really a coincidence another victim was found where Hye Jin went missing?
Something feels off.
What am I missing?
[Prosecutor Cha Si Young]
Kang Tae Joo...
After everything I did,
how could you just ruin it?
But I went...
so far...
[The night before Model Civil Servant Awards Ceremony]
What is this?
- This can't be... - It's a serial murder.
Then what about Im Seok Man?
He seems to be a copycat.
Are you serious right now?
We're receiving an award tomorrow.
We're getting a ministerial commendation for catching a serial killer.
And now you're saying what? The serial killer?
I'm sorry, sir.
- If we cancel now... - Shut up!
Do you think canceling it will end this?
We've committed fraud against the country!
We're all going to be disciplined!
What?
Discipline?
Why did it have to come out now?
What should we do?
Who else knows about this?
No one except us here.
Then let's just bury it.
Pardon?
Just for now,
until we catch the real killer again.
Darn it, what?
Why isn't it here?
Where did it go?
S-Sir...
What are you doing here?
What?
Well, that's...
I'm asking what you're doing, you punk!
Well, I...
That mountain.
When I think about it, it felt like the mountain was holding me.
It made me bolder and more like myself.
Ouch!
Are you okay?
Well,
can you still walk?
On that mountain, it felt like nothing I did would ever be discovered.
But
I wasn't the only one there.
Why would anyone be digging there at that hour?
Do you know what's even stranger?
The place he was digging
was exactly where I killed the little girl.
I'm sorry.
Tomorrow, you'll be able to go home.
It was that kid.
That kid was buried in the ground.
You...
saw that?
What?
[Confession is the beginning of forgiveness] Sounds like a lie?
So,
what happened to that kid?
I don't know,
because it didn't end there.
As soon as that man left, two others showed up.
And those guys
took the child and went away.
Did you see their faces?
No, it was too dark.
So I thought about it.
Who could they be?
Who on earth hid the child I killed
and then dug her out?
Then I realized.
It's the police.
This time, I'm asking you.
What did you do to that child?
You know about my father's illegitimate child?
You knew too, didn't you?
How dare you threaten me like that!
As of today, this is the tenth one.
Didn't he say he found the killer?
So you really found him.
Hey, Tae Joo! Just once, please, just once!
- Let go, you punk! - Just once!
What gave him the right?
Help me.
Help? You crazy punk!
Sun Young!